Update hosting instructions to cloud hosted coolify (#1936)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-guides/content/deploying/cyf/backend/index.md

weight: 1
---

## Building your backend

It is easier for us to run this service if you use a Dockerfile to build your project. How you do this depends on the language you're using.

### NodeJS / JavaScript

> If your backend uses NodeJS (i.e. is written in JavaScript), you should make sure you build it with Docker. For most projects, this means you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node.js / JavaScript

If your backend uses Node.js (i.e. is written in JavaScript), you should make sure you build it with Docker. For most projects, this means you need to:
```

**Create a Dockerfile**

This is a filed named `Dockerfile` in the directory of your project. The following contents will probably work (you may need to change the `"index.mjs"` to be the entry-point of your project):

```dockerfile
FROM node:alpine
ENV NODE_ENV=production
COPY . /app
WORKDIR /app

> RUN npm install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RUN npm --omit=dev ci
```

If your backend is in a sub-directory of your GitHub repository, update the **Base Directory** (e.g. to `/quote-server/backend` if that's where your backend is).

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > **For projects building with Docker (e.g. NodeJS projects)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **For projects building with Docker (e.g. Node.js projects)**
```
